Replace architecture and vision documents with ADRs (#986)
itchysats/itchysats: docs/adr/003-external-maker-decision-logic.md

# ADR 003 - Keep maker decision logic external to the system

```
Author: @thomaseizinger
Date: 29/12/2021
Status: Active
```

## Summary

Keep the maker's business decision logic for sending out offers or accepting / declining incoming orders outside the system.

## Context

There are multiple aspects contributing to this decision.

### 1. Business logic is financially valuable

> All of itchysats is open-source to allow for auditability and independent verification.

Reviewer: I think it could be worth adding a sentence that distinguishes what is mentioned as "business logic" from what we call "protocol". 

The business logic only allows decision making above the protocol level, i.e. the protocol is always ensured no matter what the external business logic is. 
I think for us this is clear, but for someone else reading through these docs it help.

Author: Feel free to send a follow-up patch that makes this clearer!

Author: We never explicitly talked about these so I just winged these :)

> The business logic for when to send out offers and which orders to accept is financially viable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The business logic for when to send out offers and which orders to accept is financially valuable.
```

It is part of the maker's business plan and the system should allow for this to be closed source or otherwise not easily accessible.

### 2. Business logic changes at a different pace

The code that comprises itchysats will change with the advent of new features and / or technical improvements.
More often than not, the business logic on when to create a new offer and which orders to accept changes in a completely different way.

> The role of "put together what changes together" suggests us that business logic and the rest of itchysats should _not_ be together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rule "put together what changes together" suggests to us that business logic and the rest of itchysats should _not_ be together.
```
